Hosted CE documentation migrated from helpdesk (SOFTWARE-3445) (#476)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/compute-element/hosted-ce.md

OSG Hosted CE
=============

> ## Overview

Reviewer: - https://opensciencegrid.org/technology/documentation/style-guide/#headings
- https://opensciencegrid.org/technology/documentation/writing-documentation/#introductions

As an alternative to setting up your own CE, OSG offers a hosted CE option
to connect your existing campus HPC/HTC cluster to the Open Science Grid.
The OSG team will host and operate the HTCondor compute element which routes user jobs to your cluster,
configured for the science communities that you choose to support.

> ![managed services diagram](/compute-element/img/screenshot_2983.png)

Reviewer: We keep images in `docs/img/` but I think I like this better. However, can we get more descriptive names for these two images?

Author: You mean for the file path?

Reviewer: Yup, sorry for the vagueness

> ## Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before Starting
```

> Here are the requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before preparing your cluster for OSG jobs, consider the following points:
```

Author: "consider the following points" does not seem strong enough. This is stuff you gotta do.

Reviewer: That's a fair point, I just wanted to expand on the context more and copy/pasted what we had in the CE installation guide. How about this?

> Before preparing your cluster for OSG jobs, consider the following requirements:

Author: Sounds fine. Can you update the suggestion?

> -   An existing compute cluster with a supported batch system (HTCondor, LSF, PBS, Slurm, SGE),

Author: ```suggestion
-   An existing compute cluster with a [supported batch system](/index#prepare-the-batch-system)
```

>     and a supported operating system (RHEL 6 or 7 or compatible)

Reviewer: > -   An existing compute cluster with a [supported batch system](/index#prepare-the-batch-system) running on a
    [supported operating system](release/supported_platforms)

>     and a supported operating system (RHEL 6 or 7 or compatible)

Author: ```suggestion
    running on a [supported operating system](release/supported_platforms)
```

-   Outbound network connectivity from the compute nodes (they can be behind NAT)

-   A Unix account on your cluster's submit server, accessible via an SSH key
    The OSG CE will use this account to automatically submit jobs,
    so it must also have permissions to submit jobs to the batch system

-   If your batch system is not HTCondor,

>     there needs to be a shared file system between the submit server and the compute nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    there must be a shared file system between the submit server and the compute nodes
```

> ## Setup Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Applying for an OSG Hosted CE
```

Before making any system changes, you should do the following steps:

-   Fill out the [cluster integration questionnaire](http://goo.gl/forms/8OukxsyG6KBSGHuR2)
    so that the OSG team has basic information about your cluster

-   Email [help@opensciencegrid.org](mailto:help@opensciencegrid.org)
    to set up a consultation call with the OSG team,
    in order to discuss how you would like to contribute to the OSG;
    for example, the number of OSG jobs that should run, what resource limits you have,
    or which science communities you support

After the consultation, do the following:

-   Create a Unix account on the submit server for use by the OSG CE

-   Install public SSH keys for the account

Once this is done, the OSG team will:

-   Configure the OSG CE with your system details

-   Validate operation with a set of test jobs

-   Configure central OSG services to schedule jobs

Optionally, we can assist you in installing and setting up the Squid and OASIS software on your cluster
in order to support application software repositories.
This will allow a broader set of jobs to run on your cluster.

> ## Security

Reviewer: Let's move the security section right below the requirements/before starting section

OSG takes multiple precautions to maintain security and prevent unauthorized
usage of resources:

> -   Access to the OSG system with ssh keys are restricted to the OSG staff maintaining them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Access to the OSG system with SSH keys are restricted to the OSG staff maintaining them
```

-   Users are carefully vetted before they are allowed to submit jobs to OSG
-   Jobs running through OSG can be traced back to the user that submitted them
-   Job submission can quickly be disabled if needed
-   OSG staff are readily contactable in case of an emergency,

>     through email at [help@opensciencegrid.org](help@opensciencegrid.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    through email at <mailto:help@opensciencegrid.org>
```

Author: Does the `mailto:` show up in the text?

Reviewer: Nope. See it in markdown [here](https://github.com/opensciencegrid/docs/blame/master/docs/site-planning.md#L59) and rendered [here](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/site-planning/#pilot-jobs)

> ## Which Science Communities and Institutions am I Supporting?

Reviewer: Let's move this section above security and below the requirements/before starting section
